Fix/initial (#1)
qbeyond/terraform-google-service-account: README.md

| [google_service_account_iam_member.additive](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/service_account_iam_member) | resource |
| [google_service_account_iam_member.roles](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/service_account_iam_member) | resource |
| [google_storage_bucket_iam_member.bucket-roles](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/storage_bucket_iam_member) | resource |

### main.tf

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [google_service_account.service_account](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/service_account) | resource |
| [google_service_account_key.key](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/service_account_key) | resource |
| [google_service_account_key.upload_key](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/service_account_key) | resource |
| [google_service_account.service_account](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/data-sources/service_account) | data source |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

## Contribute

> This Module is created from the Google Cloud Platform modules folder and holds its git history to be updatable. Please refer to the [Landing-zone Repository](https://github.com/qbeyond/terraform-google-landing-zone/tree/feature/initial) for information on updating or creating modules derived from google's Cloud-Foundation-Fabric

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module is derived from [google cloud foundation fabric module `iam-service-accounts` v19](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-foundation-fabric/tree/v19.0.0/modules/iam-service-account). It is designed to be able to integrate new changes from the base repository. Refer to [guide in `terraform-google-landing-zone` repository](https://github.com/qbeyond/terraform-google-landing-zone/tree/main#updating-a-repository) for information on integrating changes.
```
